hey guys this hops on today welcome bad
to Brian be freely on stage for the
first week hang on with us how to become
a better trader series and today is
absurd five before going to the video i
just want to give a quick shout out to
pachi night 7 is a great youtuber gravy
for trader and definitely recommend that
you guys will check them out i'm going
to leave a link in the description below
to a channel so go subscribe and tell
him that i sent you so let's go into the
video today we were talking about the
web app now as you know the current
state of the web app is pretty bad it's
pretty bad however it's always better to
to trade on the web at compared to the
console and i'm going to tell you why on
the web app the weather is pretty much
designed purely for traders in my
opinion the console is a lot more
luckier than the web app well it used to
be anyway i'm not sure how it is at the
moment but it well is a lot more quick
and it's a lot more easy to use and it's
obviously the console you get your
holding a controller so you're going to
flick flick flick however with an actual
web app using a cursor in my opinion a
cursor can move faster than a whatsit a
joystick I think that's what's called
and I kind of hope you made sense I
think a car so like a mouse cursor moves
a lot quicker and that could be that
innocent second instance split-second
between you getting deal and you not get
deal ain't talking about mouse I know
quite a few people have got laptops and
I've got a laptop as Bob and I also have
like obviously I have like a touchpad
how do i do recommend you guys invest or
if you do have a mouse plug a mouse in
because my touchpad is absolutely
horrible literally is really hard to use
it and sometimes it could jam up and
that's why i like to use a mouse my
mouse is really quick really effective
and it's easy to move and you know don't
get jammed up sometimes and that jammed
up kind of thing could hurt maybe
renault go against you when you may be
bidding put on a player where you can
make 100k profit and let's say you're
using the one second method that's
basically where it goes on to one second
then you bid and bang you you're about
to bid on it and bang your thing we do
jams up any end up not getting a deal
and you're going to be really really
frustrated about that so definite
recommend guessing a mouse and also
using the webapp obviously the web up in
this current state is pretty high
to use but I said that goes for the
console as well but I've always prefer
using the well up it's very easy very
quick because my opinion console it can
be slow and it can jam up a lot more
because obviously the console is made
for games and stuff like that and i
believe the web app is purely just made
for traders and building squads and
stuff like that so it's a lot easier to
use and that's what that recommend using
the well whatever I know a lot of people
still use the console and they don't
should realize about the web app but
some people didn't probably you know
there's a web app in my opinion but I do
Daffy recommend usually about investing
the mouse and trust me you're gonna pick
up a lot more deals and still when you
just use the console and obviously your
reactions kind of you know half as well
your rash reactions are kind of like a
big kind of thing but having a well out
and the mouse definitely helps you also
hope you guys have enjoyed this video if
you have read shoprite subscribe to our
harps though and make sure you guys to
check out Patchi 97 I'll see you guys in
the next seven next video we have a cig
I